Thanks for your hard work.
Same as before
Okay, okay, I'll give it to you later. Okay.
Hey, what are you doing?
This place is reserved by our rich lady in Yuncheng
Are these enough?
Hey miss
Miss
Come back with me and inherit billions of dollars
Please come home
Xu Jue
The hard-won ending was turned yellow by you again
Believe it or not, I will send you to Nanjing Health Center
No no no miss
I'm here to report to you.
Your husband Ye Haochen?
He Yuncheng Entertainment Circle
The 100 billion economic contract of the first wealthy family, the Shen family
It's already half a barrel
In the future?
You don't have to worry about his inferiority anymore
And it affects your identity as an additional miracle
Really, that's great.
Today is Haochen's draw concert.
I'm going to tell him the good news.
You go and arrange it.
I want to give Haochen the Genting Villa in my name
As a gift of success
This is the eldest lady
Hey, you jump for me here until it gets dark
Don't leave if you can't finish dancing
You are not allowed to follow me anymore
Not a lady
Neither will I.
Married for 5 years
In order to protect the heart of a good degree, install more
Support him to become the top bid
Now his dream has come true
I can finally tell who I am